albania : Citizens of Rwanda holding a valid multiple entry Schengen visa type "C" or "D" can enter and stay in Albania without a visa, within the validity of their Schengen visa.
american-samoa : Citizens of Rwanda living in the United States can travel to American Samoa using their valid United States visa.
bermuda : Citizens of Rwanda holding a valid multiple entry visa for the US, UK, or Canada may enter Bermuda for up to 6 months. The traveler's visa and passport must be valid at least 45 days past the expiration of travel.
comoros : Citizens of Rwanda can obtain a visa on arrival in Comoros for a stay of up to 90 days.
cyprus : Citizens of Rwanda holding a valid Schengen visa type "C" that has been used to enter the Schengen region at least once, can enter and stay in Cyprus within the validity of their Schengen visa.
dominican-republic : Citizens of Rwanda that hold a valid permanent resident card or a valid visa from the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, or any European Union nation, do not need to obtain a visa to Dominican Republic. These individuals will need to purchase a Tourist Card for USD 10.00 upon arrival in Dominican Republic.
el-salvador : Citizens of Rwanda that hold a valid permanent resident card or a valid visa from the United States, Canada, or any Schengen Member State, do not need to obtain a visa to El Salvador for a stay of up to 90 days.
georgia : Citizens of Rwanda holding a valid multiple entry visa for the US, EU, or Schengen member states, which has been used at least once to enter those countries, do not require a visa for a stay of up to 90 days within the validity term of the visa.
guam : Citizens of Rwanda living in the United States can travel to Guam using their valid United States visa.
guatemala : Citizens of Rwanda that hold a valid permanent resident card or a valid visa from the United States, Canada, or any Schengen Member State, do not need to obtain a visa to Guatemala for a stay of up to 90 days.
honduras : Citizens of Rwanda that hold a valid permanent resident card or a valid visa from the United States, Canada, or any Schengen Member State, do not need to obtain a visa to Honduras for a stay of up to 90 days.
macau : Citizens of Rwanda can apply for a multiple entry 30 day visa on arrival in Macau for a fee of MOP 100.00.
maldives : Citizens of Rwanda can obtain a visa on arrival in Maldives for a stay of up to 30 days, which can be extended in Maldives.
mauritius : Citizens of Rwanda traveling for tourism do not require a visa to Mauritius for a maximum stay of 180 days per calendar year.
mexico : Starting May 1st, 2010, all foreigners, regardless of their nationality, visiting Mexico as tourists, transmigrate or for business matters will not need a visa for Mexico as long as they hold a valid US visa and arrive in Mexico from the United States.
micronesia : Citizens of Rwanda do not require a visa for a stay of up to 30 days.
nicaragua : Citizens of Rwanda that hold a valid permanent resident card or a valid visa from the United States, Canada, or any Schengen Member State, do not need to obtain a visa to Nicaragua.
palau : Citizens of Rwanda will be issued a 30 day visa on arrival.
panama : Citizens of Rwanda holding a valid visa or permanent residency from any of the following countries: United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, or any of the member countries of the European Union, which has been used at least once to enter those countries, do not require a visa for a stay of up to 30 days.
pitcairn-island : Citizens of Rwanda can apply for a $30.00 entry permit on arrival for a stay of up to 14 days.
puerto-rico : Citizens of Rwanda living in the United States can travel to Puerto Rico using their valid United States visa.
saint-helena : Citizens of Rwanda can apply for a visitor pass on arrival for a stay of up to 90 days.
samoa : Citizens of Rwanda will be issued a 60 day Visitor Permit on arrival.
seychelles : Citizens of Rwanda do not require a visa to Seychelles.
us-virgin-islands : Citizens of Rwanda living in the United States can travel to US Virgin Islands using their valid United States visa.
united-states : A citizen of Rwanda living in the United States with a valid United States visa can travel freely within United States and its territories. 